Surface Deep Agents as an option on the LangChain agents page (#5161)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/langchain/agents.mdx

Building on that, you can configure the basics directly with the `model=`, `tools=`, and `system_prompt=` parameters. For more advanced capabilities, extend the harness with [middleware](#configure-the-harness).

<Tip>

> **Want a batteries-included agent?** [Deep Agents](/oss/deepagents/overview) is a higher-level SDK built on top of this framework. It pre-assembles the full harness — filesystem, summarization, subagents, memory, and prompt caching — so you can skip the boilerplate and start building immediately. `create_agent` is the right choice when you need fine-grained control; Deep Agents is the right choice when you want a production-ready default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Deep Agents](/oss/deepagents/overview) builds on `create_agent` and comes with commonly useful capabilities already assembled, such as planning, file system tools, subagents, and memory. Use `create_agent` when you need to configure the harness yourself.
```
